alright bro welcome back to Green Wave
welcome here's a very quick studio
update I'm working for my on my goblin
town table or the of it so it's
basically made of ceiling tiles and
styrofoam rocks
so it's going to make a model model our
tape tearing the here there we can put a
black mouth or something to represent
the gap for the bottomless pit and so
because of that gap it allows to make
the board bigger or smaller just just
out to widen or the gap or and to make
more bridges could put some some
shouting rocks from there please make it
bigger in with more more bridges so the
cat got in got in and broke a few piece
of boards but because it's double down
think it just makes it more interesting
so I might add that feature to other
platform and break it a few more pieces
yeah gonna update you again when I I've
got more painting down in more platforms
thank you